---
dateTime: 2023-11-16 09:20
type: meeting
company: BAM
summary: Call to discuss the requirements for reports and dashboard from E.S.E form
---
tags: [[Meetings MOC]]
Date: [[2023-11-16-Thursday]]

# [[2023-11-16 E.S.E Form Automation]]

**Attendees**: [[DanWhiteley]],[[GaelleBardsley]],[[DamienCanning]],[[Stevie-LeighBlackburn]],[[VictoriaHughes]]
## Agenda/Questions
1. Update on content
2. ESE Form List
3. Live Dashboard
4. Email Reports
5. E.S.E Form Lite

## Notes
- feedback to sites
- ease to implement and impact ranked
	- SME to review first then to BP
	- Gaelle to send over defations
- Case studies linked to list
- Aces to the wider business using the quadrant
- Is it aligned to our strategy 
- Word docent to share around
- No need to email updates - dashboards 
- List of workds that are low prioty HVO etc
- Transformation involvement? Implementation plan

- Improve Feedback to Sites/Submitters (Max)
	- E.S.E Form Lite (Official name TBD) instant feedback from submission. No feedback.
	- Automate emails to say that their response is being reviewed.
- Incorporate new data points in the list which are populated from SME/BP reviews. To be determined from collective feedback on XXXXXX. (All)
	- Tick boxes showing the progress on how its being reviewed (i.e. submission reviewed, site contacted etc) 
	- Rank each submission on ease of implementation and impact
		- Thanks Gaelle for the defamations and charts
	- How aligned is it would our Strategy (rankings 1-5?)
	- There will need to be some governance/guidance on how these are filled in as each individual will have different interpretations. 
- If a full case study is completed link it back to the E.S.E Form SharePoint list (Max)
	- Needs a new column where a file can be dropped into
- Engage the wider business with the responses in the ESE Form (All)
	- Use the quadrant to determine which stake holders should be involved.  i.e. for hard to implement but high impact innovation should be involved.
	- Incorporate awards to recognise the best submissions
- Develop a live dashboard (Max)
	- To be revisited when the additional data points are confirmed
	- No need for email "pulse check" as this will be superseded by the SME/BP checks
- Incorporate process to filter out duplicate or bad data (Max)
	- Use key word search in the title of submission for words like HVO
	- Check if the title of the submissions is a duplicate of a previous response
- Develop commination and implementation plan that is support by guidance and governance (Sarah)
	- Involve transformation and the engagement forum
- Develop a process map of what happens when someone presses submit on the form (Max/Damien)
- Produce a timeline of implementation and development (Max)
	- All these suggestions above may not be achievable to implement before the release date so a roadmap of what can be achieved when to set expectations.
## Actions
