---
dateTime: 2023-10-30 13:35
type: meeting
company: BAM
summary: Starting meeting to the BAMSI V2 conversations
---
tags: [[Meetings MOC]], #BAMSI
Date: [[2023-10-30-Monday]]

# [[2023-10-30 BAMSI V2]]

**Attendees**: 
[[SarahJolliffe]],[[DanWhiteley]],[[DamienCanning]],[[VictoriaHughes]],[[AlisonBall]],[[GaelleBardsley]]

## Notes
- Data Presence
	- Timber added to data presence
	- Subcontractor procured fuels
	- Have a think about data completeness
- CO2/Waste Performance
	- Remove company level
	- Make project level discipline level
		- How do we benchmark?
	- Diesel free sites to be moved to the checklist on site plant
	- Waste performance moved to circularity
- Compliance
	- More focus on close out over performance
	- Has there been an inspection
	- Maybe a section for observation cards for environmental sustainability

## Actions
